yaelpalti,ilan.vys
Yael Palti (318190485), Ilan Vysokovsky (207375528)
EX: 1

FILES:
uthreads.cpp -- implementation of the libuthreads library functions
Makefile
README

REMARKS:

ANSWERS:
Assignment 2:
***Theoretical Questions***
1)
(a) sigsetjmp - this function saves stack environment and signal mask (optional) into an igjmp_buf argument.
The function returns 0 when it invokes or value val, specified on by the function siglongjmp, if it called by it.

(b) siglongjmp - this function restores stack environment saved by sigsetjmp, there is no return value.

2)
An example of the use of user-level threads could be an interactive game.
Using user-level threads will enable the game  rendering graphics, audio processing, or loading game assets,
while keeping the main 	thread responsive to user input. The choose of user-level threads will keep the game
running fast without unnecessary overhead which is a great advantage in a game that needs to be responsive and
without delays.

3)
One of the disadvantages of frequent process switching is that it can cause significant overhead time,
resulting in a considerable amount of time being wasted when switching tabs frequently.
Another drawback of using different processes for each tab is that applications requiring communication
between tabs need to use the operating system, resulting in additional overhead time.
advantage of using different processes is the ability to use different CPU resources simultaneously.
Each process can be assigned to a separate CPU core, allowing multiple processes to execute simultaneously
and making efficient use of available hardware resources. another advantage is the separation in memory
and stack environment as each process runs in its own memory space and has limited access to resources
outside of its own environment. This isolation can reduce errors and security problems.

4)
When the 'Enter' key is pressed, after typing `kill pid` in the shell,
the keyboard sends a hardware interrupt to the OS and triggers the shell to execute the "kill" command.
When the shell interprets the command it sends a signal to the OS.
The OS then sends the signal to the Shotwell process, requesting it to terminate using the SIGTERM.
Then Shotwell process should handle the signal by terminating gracefully.

5)
Real time refers to the actual time elapsed in the physical world, measured in seconds, minutes, hours, and so on.
It is the time that we experience in our daily lives and is generally determined by an external clock or
time-keeping device. An example of real time is the time displayed on a clock or watch,
which reflects the actual time in the physical world.

Virtual time refers to a time measurement that is relative to some other event, rather than an absolute time measurement.
An example of virtual time is counting the times a user-level thread is executed.
The virtual time used by the scheduling algorithm is relative to the start of the program or the start of a
particular thread's execution, rather than the actual time in the physical world.